# Skill Flow Builder Project Structure

The following output shows the directory story structure of Skill Flow Builder
projects and a brief description of what they are.

```
├── content
│   ├── en-US (locale specific resources)
│   │   └── resources
│   │       ├── public (public resources uploaded to S3)
│   │       │   ├── audio
│   │       │   ├── images
│   │       │   └── vo
│   │       │
│   │       ├── ProductISPs.json (ISP configuration)
│   │       ├── SlotTypes.json (Slot Type configuration)
│   │       └── apl-templates.json (APL template configuration)
│   │
│   ├── languageStrings.json (used/updated by 'build')
│   ├── MANIFEST.json (define .abc include rule)
│   └── story.abc (starting story file)
│
├── code
│   ├── extensions
│   │   └── ExtensionLoader.ts
│   │
│   ├── package.json
│   ├── tsconfig.json
│   └── index.ts
│
├── abcConfig.json (SFB configuration)
├── .gitignore
├── .deploy (deployment payload, generated on 'build')
├── baked ("compiled" content, generated on 'build')
└── metadata (deployment configuration, generated on 'deploy')
```

## Project code (Typescript)

Skill code generated by Skill Flow Builder uses
[ASK SDK for Node.js](https://developer.amazon.com/en-US/docs/alexa/alexa-skills-kit-sdk-for-nodejs/overview.html).
The ASK SDK integrates the business logic of Skill Flow Builder as a request
handler. You have a full visibility and control over how the core Skill Flow
Builder functionality is added to your code. For more information, see the
`code/index.ts` file, which is the entry point for requests coming to your
skill's Lambda function.

## Project content

The Skill Flow Builder packages up the following resources and content in
`content` to generate artifacts that are used for driving the skill:

- `content/en-US` - A directory that contains content resources such as assets,
ISP, and slot types. You can create your own configuration at this level and
access the configuration in your code by using the instance of `ConfigAccessor`
which is available in `code/extensions/ExtensionLoader.ts`. If you want to add
different locales, simply create the same directory structure with the locale
name replacing the "en-US". For example, if you decide to add "de-DE" as your
new locale, you would create a copy in `content/de-DE`.
- `content/languageStrings.json` - A file that contains the extracted string
from your story written in `*.abc` files. During the `build` step, localizable
strings from used `.abc` files are extracted to create the file. The build logic
uses the publish-locales field of the project's `abcConfig.json` file to decide
in which locales the files should be generated, and used in.

For all of the newly added locales, the content is copied from the source
(`.abc`). Once the strings are generated for locales other than en-US, the skill
will always use the strings defined in the `languageStrings.json` file since
there is no way to tell if the translation has occurred or not. To generate the
strings for other locales, you can delete the strings you want to regenerate for
the given locale, or you can delete the entire file.

- `content/MANIFET.json` - A rule to define the `.abc` files that are included
in the skill. You can add to the include field, or you can define it using a
wild-card character *. You can add `.abc` files in subdirectory within the
`content` directory. Adding the files this way can be useful when you try to
organize a large skill by splitting up the content flow into multiple `.abc`
files in organized directories.

- `content/story.abc` - This is an example of a branching content file for Skill
Flow Builder. For more information, see [Use Skill Flow Builder to Create Your Content](../use-skill-flow-builder-to-create-content/README).
